Form Interrogatory No. 1.1
"State the name, ADDRESS, telephone number, and relationship to you of each PERSON who prepare or assisted in the preparation of the responses to these interrogatories." 

Form Interrogatory No. 2.12
"At the time of the INCIDENT did you or any other person have any physical, emotional or mental disability or condition that may have contributed to the occurrence of the INCIDENT? If so, for each person state:
(a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number; 
(b) the nature of the disability or condition; and
(c) the manner in which the disability or condition contributed to the occurrence of the INCIDENT." 

Form Interrogatory No. 2.13
"Within 24 hours before the INCIDENT did you or any person involved in the INCIDENT use or take any of the following substances: alcoholic beverage, marijuana, or other drug or medication of any kind (prescription or not)? If so, for each person state: 
(a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number; 
(b) the nature or description of each substance; 
(c) the quantity of each substance used or taken; 
(d) the date and time of day when each substance was used or taken; 
(e) the ADDRESS where each substance was used or taken; 
(f) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each person who was present when each substance was used or taken; and 
(g) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of any HEALTH CARE PROVIDER who prescribed or furnished the substance and the condition for which it was prescribed or furnished." 


Form Interrogatory No. 4.1
"At the time of the INCIDENT, was there in effect any policy of insurance through you were or might be insured in any manner (for example, primary, pro-rata, or excess liability coverage or medical expense coverage) for the damages, claims, or actions that have arisen out of the INCIDENT? If so, for each policy state:  
(a) the kind of coverage; 
(b) the name and ADDRESS of the insurance company; 
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each named insured; 
(d) the policy number; 
(e) the limits of coverage for each type of coverage contained in the policy; 
(f) whether any reservation of rights or controversy or coverage dispute exists between you and the insurance company; and 
(g) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the custodian of the policy." 

Form Interrogatory No. 20.11
"State the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each owner and each PERSON who has had possession since the INCIDENT of each vehicle involved in the INCIDENT." 

